{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5320423\rsid12404838
\rsid12599524\rsid13850980}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\author useridb@id14win2}{\operator useridb@id14win2}{\creatim\yr2011\mo10\dy11\hr18\min45}{\revtim\yr2012\mo3\dy9\hr21\min42}{\version4}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords522}
{\nofchars2982}{\*\company biocars}{\nofcharsws3498}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot12404838 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qj \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 Lauecollect Revisions
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 
\par 13.4 Tue 29 Jun 2010 11:23 PM, corrected typo. White beam slit horizontal and vertical aperture were swapped in the log file.
\par 
\par 13.5 Tue 29 Jun 2010 10:20 PM, Fixed waiting time issue when using long (30 s) for on and short waiting time (1 s) for off images.
\par 
\par 13.6 Tue 29 Jun 2010 11:30 PM, logging oscilloscope average count
\par 
\par 13.7 Wed 30 Jun 2010 3:00 PM, Option to collect multiple X-ray pulse per spot when translating the sample
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\tx5400\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 (1 shot per pass: off). This is to speed up the data collection with heme proteins.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 13.8 Thu 1 Jul 2010 6:00 PM, Fixed bug in the sample translation (Step in GonX and GonY translation in the middle of the t
ranslation stroke). Interpolation was not working.
\par 
\par 13.9 Fri 2 Jul 2010 2:40 PM, Fixed interpolation of GonX, GonY positions during sample translation
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\tx5400\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 
\par 14.0 Fri 2Jul 2010 18:22 PM, Automatic retraction of illuminator during alignment and laser beam check
\par 
\par }{\f49\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 14.1 Sun 4 Jul 2010 3:41 PM, Attenuating beam during alignment scans by a factor 10, by inserted the 75-\'ecm Ti filter.
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 
\par 14.2 Sun 4 Jul 2010 9:40 PM, Fixed \'93Realign every 45 deg\'94 implementation. A new alignment scan is required unless current the angle is within 45\'b0 in between two angles for which alignment scan have already been acquired. 
\par 
\par 14.3 Tue 7 Jul 2010 1:03 PM, Prevented "griddata" from crashing lauecollect by handling by an exception handler. Read-back slop of GonX,Y,Z no longer taken into account edge alignment, using command value instead. 
\par 
\par 14.7 Fri 8 Oct 2010 4:30 PM, New tab \'93Timing\'94 for automatic timing calibration during data collection. Retracts sample out of the X-ray beam and attenuates the laser beam to by rotating to variable attenuator in the X-ray hutch.
\par 
\par 14.8 Sat 9 Oct 1:20 PM, Clearing CCD detector after a timing check to avoid contaminating the next image.
\par 
\par 15.2 Mon 11 Oct 2010 8:00 AM, New edge finder, using visual crystal shape information from camera for X-ray alignment scans
\par 
\par 15.4 Fri 5 Nov 2010 7:30 PM, Updated new edge finder, using visual crystal shape information from camera for X-ray alignment scans
\par 
\par 15.6, Sat 6 Nov 2010 4:53 PM, Using numpy for image processing (peak integration), rather than C code 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 15.7 Sat 6 Nov 2010 7:10 Processing alignment scan in the scan loop, rather than background thread.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\tx5400\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 
\par 15.8 Thu 10 Feb 2011 6:40 PM, Added option to check laser beam position at sample only, without applying a correction. In \'93Laser\'94 tab, checkbox \'93Check only\'94. The \'93Test\'94 measures the laser position, without applying any correction.
\par 
\par 15.9 Thu 10 Feb 2011 7:20 PM, Global settings file for Lauecollect, independent of which machine it runs on:
\par //id14b4/home/useridb/NIH/Software/settings/lauecollect_settings.py
\par 
\par 16.0 Wed 9 Mar 2011 6:50 PM, Added option in Lauecollect revision to use variable number of X-ray pulses during alignment scans, useful for time-resolved monochromatic data collection 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 16.2.2 Thu 10 Mar 2011 3:15 PM, Sample translation during image with visual edge alignment
\par 
\par 16.4 Fri 11 Mar 2011 5:00 PM,  Translation during image can be combined with translation after image.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12404838 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 
16.4.3 Sun 13 Mar 2011 0:33 AM, Fixed problem: Fields in "Translate" tab changed when turning translation off and on again and camera grid spacing changed.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri720\widctlpar\tx5400\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin720\lin0\itap0\pararsid12404838 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 16.4.4 Sun 13 Mar 2011 3:54 PM, Updated sample translation summary in log file
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12404838 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838\charrsid12404838 
16.4.5 Sun 13 Mar 2011 6:23 PM, Streamlined GonX, GonZ translations, avoiding time consuming unnecessary backlash corrections
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri720\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin720\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid12404838 
\par }{\f1\fs20\insrsid5320423 16.}{\f1\fs20\insrsid12599524 6}{\f1\fs20\insrsid5320423  Fri 9 Mar 2012 5:30 PM, Saving waveform of X-ray pulses for each image}{\f1\fs20\insrsid5320423\charrsid12404838 
\par }}